Feature/trainer kwargs (#280)
MobileTeleSystems/RecTools: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## Uncommited

Reviewer: Linters are failing (isort)

Author: fixed

### Added 

> - `get_val_mask_func_kwargs` and  `get_trainer_func_kwargs` kwargs for corresponding functions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_val_mask_func_kwargs` and  `get_trainer_func_kwargs` arguments for Transformer-based models to allow keyword arguments in custom functions used for model training.
```

Author: edited
